0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an English word that refers to a disease. It is the longest word in the English language published in a dictionary

1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for who.        
    RUSAGE_SELF - Return resource usage statistics for the calling process, which is the sum of resources used by all threads in the process. Calculates total amount of time spent executing.

2.  There are 16 members in a variable of type struct rusage

3.  Passing before and after by reference instead of by value to avoid making an unnecessary copy, thus improving performance.

4.  Main functions for loop:

    Reads a character from a text file, continues until it reads end of file character and increases by reading next character;
        IF - its a letter or apostrophe, yet apostrophes must be not the first symbol
             writes a character to the index'th position of a word and increases index by 1.
             
            IF index becomes higher than longest posssible word, skips trough the next letters until they end, set index to 0 - start of new word  
            
        ELSE IF its a digit, skip trough the digits until they end, set index to 0 - start of new word       
        ELSE IF its not a letter or apostrophe and not a number, it must be end of the word, add a string terminator at the end of it \0
                and increase a word count by one.
    Calculate the time spend on one word's check while doing it, add that time to total time_check time
    IF check returns false, prints that word out and adds one to the misspelled counter
    
5.  Using fscanf %s, with a text files of unknown stucture and content might lead to a buffer overflow. Also it reads a whole string including
    dots, comma, ect. at the end of a word, which is not needed in this program. Also we need to check every character to check if its correct - no numbers
    or other symbols, so reading a whole string does not help.
 
6.  In load and check, values are passed by reference which might help to increase performance, so to make sure that the values will not be changed
    we use const. Using const like this might also help the compiler to increase programs performance too.
